How the This Keyword Works

this keyword/variable: Special
variable that is created for
every execution context (every
function).
Takes the value of (points to)
the "owner" of the function in 
which the this keyword is used.
L> One of the three components
of the Execution Context

- this is NOT static. It depends
on how the function is called, 
and its value is only assigned
when the function is actually
called.

Method -> this = <object that is
calling the method>

Simple function call -> this =
undefined (In strict mode! 
Otherwise: window (in the 
browser))

Arrow functions -> this = <this
or surrounding function (lexical
this)>

Event listener -> this = <DOM
element that the handler is
attached to>


this does NOT point to the function
itself, and also NOT the variable
environment.